# first daily note ever
## thoughts about daily notes
i doubt ill be able to keep this up every day, but i think this could really help me write my emotions out and would be cool to look back on
## what's going on in my life
kinda procrastinating rn cuz i gotta do a project for my STEM class and it's due in 3 days but ive got nothing done. I have to make a video game using sum vocab words i chose. I think im not doing the project because im scared i cant do it in time (or at all really). I think i should make like a plan or something for the game, because i feel really unprepared. if it comes down to it, ill just tell my teacher i dont have enough time and maybe he can work something out for me. I just gotta be honest with him that i really was too ambitious with this school project. or maybe all this made up pressure will finally move me to use my mother's computer (mine cant run unity) and make the game 
## obsidian
I really am liking this notes app. It scratches that itch for full control over how my computer operates. It gives me the same feeling linux does. I love being able to get lost in the settings, tweaking and seeing cool new features i didn't know about before(like this daily note). I use a similar browser called vivaldi where you can really do sum crazy stuff, like mouse gestures. it's cool, and something about using really simple and efficient tools makes me feel like at hacker in a movie. But more often than not, after awhile the novelty wares(or wheres?) off and i go back to using my cheap boring stuff or just not using the tool at all. For example i dont really take notes ever but as school gets harder and harder, im scared that all my years of being "gifted" have made me lazy and unable to study. So ive been trying to do more productive things i dont really need to yet. Ive heard alot of horror(dramatic much) stories from people in high school and collage about how hard the courses are, and how gifted kids get burnt out and fail brutally. I dont want that to happen to me so im trying to improve my habits. So when i get excited about these productivity tools, i cling on tight cuz that might help me in the future.
## nerd 
sometimes i hear about people's nerdiness where they write out entire universe and stories and characters and worlds because their just so passionate about what their obsessed with, i wonder sometimes why I dont do that, because im nerdy and really into detailed and convoluted systems but i never feel the itch to go write or draw or sing or act or make entire worlds come to life, i just think and talk about them with my friends. anyway i think imma like obsidian, and i hope ill stay consistent with these notes.

## using obsidian's tools

i can write math in the fancy font[^1]
$f()=mx+b$ 
$fatass < ur+mom$

crazy quote i found
> R.I.P. bbno$ - george washington


> [!NOTE] Cool box 
> woah i'm a cool box with an icon

> [!WARNING] Evil box 
> woah i'm an evil box with an icon

%% secret comment? %%

`HelloWorld("print")`

real important stuff here
- [ ] task 1
- [ ] task 2

---

line

---
	code stuff here but in a box
$$
math+but+in+the+middle
$$

| age         | can give consent? |
| ----------- | ----------------- |
| 18 or above | yes               |
| 17          | local state laws  |
| 16 or below | no                |
| 7           | absolutely        |
[youtube](https://www.youtube.com)

[^1]: here is a foot note