# second note 
## hanukah
the first day of hanukah happen today, i spent the day with my small extended family. they ordered shitty chinese that was pretty average taste wise. midway through the dinner they started a heated political debate about a lot of issues and their opinions about them. i was fed so i'm not complaining but I starting to feel like making excuses to not go anymore. my sister does it all the time so it's not like my parents wouldn't let me. ever since my aunt got deeply sick, the dinner at every event are hosted at my grandparents and they make a really sad atmosphere. my grandad recently lost his sister and he is managing to keep a very strong face. I honestly forget about it sometimes because i never knew her and he really mentions it or really looks sad. I'm just really weirded out by the whole feel there, because of all the recent events.
## distance
sometimes i get tired of people. they annoy me when my social battery runs out, and every little thing they do pisses me off so much. im aware as i get angry at them that there is no reason to get angry, but i still do it anyway. that only gets me more angry leading to a point where i isolate myself for days to compensate for all the time i spent with people too much. i need distance from others, and more than most people. i dont think i could roommate with any of my current friends, i would want to room with some stranger, because strangers won't push to make conversation with you when you dont wanna. when i got my girlfriend a few months ago, she began calling me alot, so i started to spend less time with my friends. but then my friends got angry at me for not spending time, so i started to stretch into my personal time for sam.[^1] this made me really miserable whenever my friends or sam called me, because i didn't wanna spend time but i felt required to. I think i gotta bring it up with sam because she calls me every day multiple times a day, while my friends call once every 4 days or so.
## thoughts about daily notes pt.2
i'm keeping up pretty well, but i feel like i need to write a certain amount even though i don't. I feel a pressure for a bunch of nothing. this should be nice, and it is nice to write out all my thoughts and feelings but sitting down and making myself begin is the hard part. once i start writing though im all good. it is cool to see all the emotions of the prior day and think about them with fresh eyes.

[^1]: girlfriend